Just see yourself, just see me too;
Just see us all in a world that is new.
Think how you’ll feel, how it will be,
To live in peace, to be truly free.
No evil one will then prevail;
Rule by our God cannot ever fail.
The time will have come
for a new earthly start,
The song of our praises
will pour out from our heart:
“We thank you, our God,
for all you have done.
“All things are new
by the rule of your Son.
“The fullness of our heart
overflows in our song;
All glory and honor
and praise to you belong.”
Now see yourself, and see me too;
And look ahead to a world that is new.
No sight we see, no sound we hear
Will cause alarm or give rise to fear.
All has come true, just as he said;
Now over mankind, his tent is spread.
He now will awaken
those sleeping in death;
Their voices will join ours with
ev’ry grateful breath:
“We thank you, our God,
for all you have done.
“All things are new
by the rule of your Son.
“The fullness of our heart
overflows in our song;
All glory and honor
and praise to you belong.”